Add flag to append hash to pages to ensure unique titles (#509)
kovetskiy/mark: README.md

   --drop-h1, --h1_drop                          don't include the first H1 heading in Confluence output. (default: false) [$MARK_H1_DROP]
   --strip-linebreaks, -L                        remove linebreaks inside of tags, to accomodate non-standard Confluence behavior (default: false) [$MARK_STRIP_LINEBREAK]
   --title-from-h1, --h1_title                   extract page title from a leading H1 heading. If no H1 heading on a page exists, then title must be set in the page metadata. (default: false) [$MARK_H1_TITLE]

>    --title-append-generated-hash                 append to the title of each page a hash value generated from the page's path (space, parents, and title) (default: false) [$MARK_TITLE_APPEND_GENERATED_HASH]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   --title-append-generated-hash                 appends a short hash generated from the path of the page (space, parents, and title) to the title (default: false) [$MARK_TITLE_APPEND_GENERATED_HASH]
```
